Ring breaker dies
A thousand years have passed
The world should be unified
Since you mentioned the Demon Sect just now
Then I will go to the Demon Sect
Take the phone of the sect master of this demon sect
As a vote, Jean and others are arrogant with their bare hands
Demon Sect's power is abundant in the world
The sect master of the Demon Sect is the first in the world
Even the Sword Emperor a thousand years ago
See you without Shushan
You don't have to be alone.
Sect Master of Qinlan Demon Sect
Don't think you're a bit of a sideshow
You can be invincible
Little brother, if you really have such ability
Can capture the sect master of the Demon Sect
I will admit your greatness
In the future, Shushan will let you rescue me on my way
This generation of Demon Sect Sect Master
Not only is it the strongest person in the past thousand years of the Demon Sect
But killing people
The flagship kills hundreds of people every day
No matter how talented you are, you need time to grow
Don't be so arrogant and take your life
Live every day
Shame is not just for you
More for Shushan
To do justice for heaven
Take me to Miss Demon Sect and stay within the nine children
I mention sword fighting